pri nazhatii na About

Hi, there! I am Olga.(po centru)

Born and raised in Riga, Latvia I'm passionate about everything I do. 
This healthy lifestyle blog is dedicated to everyone who wants to live happy life and be thankful for every single day. Because in healthy body there is a healthy spirit.
Let's continue our journey together and share every beautiful moment and of course achievements we make every day step by step.
 
Be love, Be happy, Be present!!!

vsjo eto krasivim 6riftom pod tekstom video     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AfVQsY_5_vo


navodi6 na about nazhimae6j na blog fotka 4jornaja belaja gde ti otvernulasj studejnaja i pod nej nadpisj FROM RIGA, LATVIA snizu tekst

About TARA OM:
 
Being finance professional since 2007, received MBA diploma in 2013, Olga understood that her desire is more than pure finance world. And that is how the story started…
TARA OM was born in Olga’s thoughts around Christmas time in 2014. She decided to create her own healthy lifestyle blog to be able to share with her friends and followers healthy diet tricks, yoga practice, beauty tips, places to visit  and of course her style.
 
You will ask: why this name? TARAOM is a combination of 2 words, both very important for Olga. Tara is a female Buddha in Buddhism and a goddess in Hinduism. Additionally, "Tara" is also a common male or female name meaning "star". OM (or A-U-M) is a sacred syllable of Hinduism. It is original vibration of universe. OM is the reflection of the absolute reality without beginning or the end and embracing all that exists. It represents the divine energy (Shakti) united in its three elementary aspects: Brahma Shakti (creation), Vishnu Shakti (preservation) and Shiva Shakti (liberation, and/or destruction).
 
Her lifetime trip into yoga started in early spring 2011. You will ask how and why? People start doing yoga in most cases due to health problems, sometimes out of interest and some to find answers for many questions, to find themselves. Olga belongs to the last group. Being completely crushed and depressed after her dream to study abroad broke into hundred pieces; 4 years relationships ended and she was without a job at that time. She always believed that yoga is something unusual and fascinating.
 
Olga’s first injection to find herself was the Gong session organized by our Lithuanian neighbors in Riga. One friend asked her to join and why not!? She had nothing to lose.
 
A lot of people in one room all lying down on the floor, she barely found a place to put her mat! All this seemed so weird at first and then sound was everywhere. It was filling the room, the walls even every cell of her body felt like pure sound vibration. One hour past very quickly. Her body was pulsating in a strange and unknown way. She definitely will experience this many more times in the future.                                     
Soon after Gong session other friend proposed to start yoga practice in one of the schools in Riga which had very good recommendations. Olga was with both hands and legs in!
 
Yoga was taking her mind like a storm in blue skies. She was reading books about yoga, attending hatha yoga and raja yoga classes, tantric classes, healthy cooking lectures and finally her dream came true – the Vedic astrology (Jyotish) classes. Olga received Jyotish diploma in the end of 2014.
 
The power of information astrology gives you is enormous. It helped Olga to understand true herself and people around. Many people do not believe in such things and being realistic person she would say the same 5 years ago. Everything Olga believes in- she experienced on herself first and only after gives advices to other people, because yoga is 99% of practice and 1% of theory. “Star” knowledge helped her to build happy relationships, to solve family problems, to accept good and bad things happening with you which you have no power to influence.
?
Olga started attending Tarot classes in March 2016 and received her 1st level diploma in August 2016. This new practice has helped her to look at symbolism in different way and deepen spiritual journey. Tarot cards go very well in combination with astrology. They connect people with their subconscious mind and give favorable direction to certain events. 
 
All people want to be rich, healthy, thin and beautiful. Olga with her knowledge of yoga and its philosophy can help you to keep your body and soul healthy and beautiful.
 
TARA OM life motto? Just be present.(tozhe krasivim 6riftom)

ABOUT i nazhimae6j CONTACT prilozhen printscreen

YOGA  

Fotka na more oranzh nagi zakinuta nazad polukrug

The main focus of yoga is not the soul nor the body, but the mind. The body is external and the soul is internal, but the mind, which stands between the body and the soul, acts as a bridge. 
 
While the literal meaning of “yoga” is “union,” in practice it refers to attainment of mastery over the mind, beginning with cultivating a peaceful and concentrated mind. When the mind is calm and harmonious, we obtain valuable insight about ourselves and others. We see our place in the world with appreciation for what we are.
 
Be love, Be happy, Be present.

pod knopka book yoga class now   spravo ot etogo vsego "Yoga is not a religion. It is a science, science of well-being, science of youthfulness, science of integrating body, mind and soul." - Amit Ray

FOOD

We are what we eat!

Food is an important element in yoga, and is perhaps more important than the practice of asana. According to yoga teachings, one should maintain a Sattvic diet, where only food with Sattva quality is consumed. Sattva, of course, refers to food that is uncontaminated, honest, clean and natural.

Sattvic food helps restore balance in an individual's body and mind. It emphasizes vegetarian food, as yogis pledge a vow of Ahimsa (non violence).

Whether or not we subscribe to this way of living, it is always important to eat in moderation. Not only is it healthy for our overall wellbeing, it also helps in our daily yoga practice. Eat food that nourishes the body. Not those that harm it. 
 
Be love, Be happy, Be present.

ASTROLOGY

fotka planet      planets.jpg

I'm sure that Astrology works! There is no certain answer to question "why?". Anyone who has taken the time to acquire a more profound knowledge of this subject has no doubt recognized the fact that there is indeed a correlation between the planetary positions in an individual's birth chart and his or her personality and life events.
Towards the end of 18th century, the German philosopher Gottfried Leibniz developed a theory called "pre-established Harmony":
"The soul follows its own laws, as the body follows its laws; both meet each other due to the pre-established harmony which exists among all substances, since all are emanations of one and the same universe." 
In other words: the body and the soul don't actually "influence" each other, but rather, the "divine plan" created the world in such a way that there is and must always be a correspondence between the physical and spiritual levels of existence; this correspondence creates the illusion of a "cause and effect" continuum.
 
For despite what some people may suggest to you, astrology does indeed have its limits.
Astrology can not:
 - tell you the winning numbers for tomorrow's lottery,
 - tell you with certainty whether or not you will marry next year,
 - predict with certainty if that rich uncle of yours, who has named you in his will, will pass away on a certain date,
 - let you know whether you will catch a cold just before your vacation next summer.
Astrology can indeed reveal:
 - on which days it is most likely that you win money,
 - whether you might have a good chance of marrying next year- assuming, of course, that you have the will to do so,
 - warn you that there may be some obstacles or unpleasant situations in the days previous to vacation next summer.
The real value of astrology lies not in attempts to perceive probabilities of events, but rather in the opportunity it offers us to achieve a greater depth of self-knowledge.

Be love, Be happy, Be present.

snizu knopka order horoscope now

STYLE

Style.. If you will ask me in which style I dress - that would be the most difficult question to answer. 
 
I like to wear different clothes depending on occasion.
But my favorite type of clothes is definitely dress!
Nowadays women tend to wear a lot jeans and trousers which is against our feminine nature. Wearing jeans increases masculine energy in woman, which I believe should happen in rare occasions.
 
Sometimes I think that I am obsessed with buying new dresses. 
The most important criteria for dress is it's beauty and material. I prefer natural materials in my wardrobe like silk, cotton, linen.
Moving to colors I want to share with you that the most sexiest to wear for woman in man eyes according tantra is red and black takes the second place. So there the winner is RED silk dress you see below. I love this dress not only because of its color but also because it was a gift from my friend who designed and cut it specially for me.

Potom fotka tebja iz dvuh ovaljnih polovinok       dress.JPG

BEAUTY

Beauty. It has many meanings. 
 
First of all to be beautiful outside we need to stay beautiful inside, which leads us to eating healthy food and growing spiritually. 
 
We will talk about beauty of our skin, hair and all the outer body in this section. 
The best way to look younger in to smile! Be positive!
If you will look at this world the way small baby does - you will never be bored. Be happy and thankful for every single moment and cherish them as diamond. 
Dream big as sometimes dreams come true. 
 
Be love, Be happy, Be present.

spravo krasivim 6riftom nadpisj     Beauty is in the eye of the beholder.

TRAVELS  kogda nazhimae6j kogda navodi6j raznie strani pri nazhatii na odnu iz nih pokazivaet galereju etoj strani

Travel addicted

Sometimes i think- I was born to travel! 
I adore travelling and visiting new places. I try to explore 2-3 new cities per year. Time to time I am more lucky and number grows up to 5-7 cities.
 
First thing I do before travelling- I plan every single detail. I am a bit control freak, that is why all details are pre-booked and pre-ordered 2 months in advance.
 
When you have selected the place you want to visit- go for it! And do not forget that the company sometimes is more important that the actual place you planned to visit. I have traveled with friends, parents, only girls company but better sightseeing than with second half have never experienced.
 
In this section I will post photos from my latest travels. Just click on city/country you like.
My next destination? Who knows!?
 
Be love, Be happy, Be present.