1. Mysterious India or Maha Kumbh Mela 2016
May 26, 2016

This was my second trip to India in past 10 months.
When friends ask me: how was your trip - I can not give a definite reply but the most appropriate would be - very interesting and unusual. It was full of despair on the one hand and full of joy on the other hand. 
Probably many of you heard that India is the country of contrasts. Well that is definitely true! I have experienced it every second day being there. You loose your comfort zone and by doing so you let go a lot of things and learn to feel the world. 
 
I will not write here the history of Kumbh Mela - you can easily google it but what I would like to share with you is what I understood being part of it. I am person who does not believe in anything without trying it first. Well I am not sure if my "bad" karma washed away after taking the bath but I do feel like being born again. Being under the water felt like in mother's womb - no worries, no rush, no thoughts, no time. I can say it was probably heaven. I took bath in several places and my favorite was near Navagraha Triveni (Shani) Temple. Shipra river is just magical there. I would highly recommend to try it at least once in your life- you will never forget it! Believe me. It was most frighting and delighting event in my life so far. 
The energy of the Great Bath and spiritual people around was enormous. It helped to open my senses and gave new boost to my own spiritual practice. When you feel how energy flows in the body, how it vibrates in you- is not it the world's most amazing mystery? The way to true yourself and appreciating what you already have in life.
 
Be love, be happy, be present. 

Tags: travel healthylifestyle indus


2. Colour code
January 11, 2016

It has been a while since my last post that is why I want to share with you my recent experience in trying something new.
I guess you have heard an expression: "You are the colours you choose". Well last week I chose my colours. I have attended the Aura-Soma Colour-Care-System consultation which was very interesting.
Aura means Light, Soma means Body or our vital energy. That is why it's aim is to bring ease, balance and calm to our energetic system and light body, helping to restore a free flow of energy while strengthening and protecting the integrity of the aura.
One product which I have tried is called quintessence. It's colour is Turquoise and it helps to connect with my heart and increase self-knowledge. It really helps me to concentrate during my morning meditations. I am sure that in the future I will try other products of Aura-Soma.
 
RU, LV friends for more info go to the website: http://auralife.lv/ru/text/colortherapy/aura-soma 
EN friends for more info go to the website: www.aura-soma.net
 
Be love, be happy, be present. 

Tags: skin beauty zeljonij lak


3. Tea time
December 13, 2015

I am tea'holic' if there is such a name for person obsessed with drinking healthy tea. For me it is a ritual which you can not do quickly or running out of house. There should be a good tea, a nice company and of course a great mood to enjoy the moment.
 
When I stopped drinking coffee more than 2 years ago my life changed. It was difficult in the beginning, as with any addiction, but afterwards the world of taste opened from new perspective. But I need to confess I still do enjoy the smell of the coffee - it is amazing! 
 
I do not drink black tea, coffee and cacao. People always ask me "why"?! Well the answer would be complicated that is why I will just say they are not good for our health. Also I try to avoid drinking green tea as much as possible. So there is not much to drink actually- many friends of mine say. I would say there is! I discovered Yogi Tea brand for myself and truly like it. I love spicy herbal tea especially now when cold season starts. Even my granddad did liked it! It was a shock for me in a good way of course. 
 
My favourite place to drink tea is at home on the sofa under woollen blanket with a book in hand and my second half sitting near by. Which is yours? 
 
Be love, be happy, be present.

Tags: Ayurveda oranzhevij top 4aj v centre 4 podu6ki


4. Protein boost
November 4, 2015

This super green protein drink is something special for your morning mood boost!
The colour is so much bright because of spirulina powder. Spirulina is a type of blue-green algae that is rich in protein, vitamins, minerals, carotenoids, and antioxidants that can help protect cells from damage.
A number of animal and test tube studies suggest that spirulina increases production of antibodies, infection-fighting proteins, and other cells that improve immunity and help ward off infection and chronic illnesses.
Amino acids make up 62% of spirulina. Because it is a rich source of protein and other nutrients, spirulina has been used as a nutritional supplement.
 
Ingredients:
- 1 rape banana
- 1 table spoon of spirulina powder
- 1/2 cup of coconut milk
- 1 table spoon of plain yoghurt. 
If you want more sweetness to it just add cocoa powder, dried fruits or stevia.
 
Be love, be happy, be present.

Tags: food supplements Ayurveda bakal zeljonogo vina


5. Weekend in London
September 26, 2015

Do you love the city and country you live in? I do but when you are passionate about something like I am and there is no chance you can evolve "locally" you need to spread the wings for new horizons.
That is why I went to London last weekend. Of course, I have met my friends and did a bit of sightseeing as well but as this was not my first time in London the aim of the visit was to meet Kino MacGregor - amazing yogi and incredibly beautiful woman. When I saw her I just could do anything but keep smiling. It was evening meeting around her book launch Ashtanga yoga 2. I was very lucky to get autograph! I wanted to say so much to her, how she inspires me every day and gives me strength to come to the mat every morning. I am totally her fan but I was so excited that could not combine even 2 words into the logical sentence. Hopefully I had a small present for Kino and wrote all my thoughts and wishes on top of it. I really hope she had read them. This meeting means a lot to me. Before actually being there I was not realizing how it will affect me and my yoga practice. 
I must add that yoga community is really huge in London. I have visited 2 yoga schools and amount of classes and different teachers take breath away. It is heaven for yogi! I have attended one handstand workshop with Sainaa Janchivdorj and an evening of uplifting kirtan with Sulekh Ruparell. 
It is a pity that there is no such wide selection of workshops in Latvia. I fully understand that demand creates supply. Well, see you again London soon! And let's hope that our Latvian yoga community will grow in coming future.
 
Be love, be happy, be present. 

Tags: travel dve fotki 1 pervaja sverhu kak otkritka iz trjoh fotok posled v dvojom a s nizu u mosta odna IMG_6953 (1280x960).jpg


6. In the middle of nowhere
September 12, 2015

Sometimes, you find yourself in the middle of nowhere. Sometimes, in the middle of nowhere you find yourself. We are born alone in this world and we die alone. We are given time in between to find the way to ourselves.
 
Have you been in the middle of nowhere? How did it felt? Sometimes, people are lost in the forest, on the streets of big city, on the beach. I do feel sadness, loneliness and emptiness inside of me. But in a way it is good, because only in this situation life gives us a push for inner development. Spiritual growth is not possible without break even point or a loss.
 
Many years ago I was thinking that it is not fair and it should not have happened to me but now I do "enjoy" it. I know this "bad" moment in my life will be finished soon and it will give space for something bright and new. And when it comes life seems full and colourful. Bliss. Light. Contentment. These 3 words will help you to find yourself. Do not be afraid of changes! Be ready and excited to the new beginnings in your life.
 
Be love, be happy, be present.

Tags: yoga 4jorna belaja ti na lodke u morja


7. Oslo - the electric car capital
September 5, 2015

I have never seen  so many electric cars concentrated in one place in my life! I need to confess that i really liked Tesla -  modern and stylish electric car. 
 
So if you are lucky with the weather just to sightseeing to the Aker Brygge. There are a lot of nice restaurants or just take waffles and sit on sunbathes enjoying the sea view. There is museum at the end of Aker Bygge which seemed very interesting but hurry up it closes early enough. Then I would suggest to visit Akershus which is situated just near by. There is also palce to eat with amazing view. Go inside the Radhus - you can not miss this huge building in between the Aker Brygge and Akershus.
 
I managed to go shopping on the main street: Karl Johas gate. This street will lead you to the Palace. 
In case if you want to visit local bars and night life- try area around Rockefeller Music Hall.
And of course I can not skip mentioning Opera. It is very beautiful and light. If you have opportunity to visit it for the evening performance - you are definitely lucky one!
I was not taking any boat trips but when I was visiting Bergen 9 years ago it was lovely adventure. Highly recommended. 
 
Be love, be happy, be present. 

Tags: travel IMG_6786 (960x1280).jpg


8.Sweet treat
August 28, 2015

Sometimes I feel like chocolate. And when I need it I eat a lot.
That is why this recipe is so great! You can eat it 3 times a day and will not gain any weight.
But watch out - it is super sweet!
 
You will need:
- 12 dates
- 2 ripe avocados
- 4 ripe bananas
- 5 teaspoons cacao powder (I took real black chocolate and blended it)
- 4 tablespoons almond butter (I liked with coconut butter better)
- drizzle of maple syrup
 
Place all ingredients to the food processor with splash of water and then blend into smooth, delicious mixture.
Put in the fridge for 30 minutes to cool down. 
Decorate with nuts or berries.
 
Enjoy!
 
Be love, be happy, be present. 

Tags: food greckij oreh v kori4 ka6e    njama (1280x960).jpg


9. Thursday - day of Jupiter
August 19, 2015

Jupiter in Sanskrit is known as Brahaspati or Guru. It is sattvik and benefic planet, significator of luck and fortune, he rules religion, philosophy, spirituality and wealth. 
A search for the answers is what Jupiter proposes, and if it means spanning the globe to find them, well, that's probably why Jupiter also rules long-distance travel. In keeping with this theme, Jupiter compels us to assess our ethical and moral values; it also addresses our sense of optimism.
 
Jupiter would like nothing better than to help you find your highest fulfillment and happiness in life. The trick is to understand how to spot your opportunities and when to take advantage of them for the best results. Sports and leisure is Jupiter's other passion, as well as games of chance and relaxation. Possible Jupiter occupations include doctors, healers, lawyers, judges, politicians and the civil service.
On the negative side, Jupiter can cause one to become lazy and prone to gaining weight. Usually, however Jupiter would rather help you than hinder you.
 
The related color is yellow. Thursday is Guru day. He rules number 3 in indian numerology. The gemstone of Jupiter is yellow sapphire.
 
Be love, be happy, be present.

Tags: Astrology zholtij cvetok     IMG_5577 (960x1280).jpg


10. Sporty style
August 15, 2015

Fashion is changing so quickly nowadays and clothes we put on today would have seemed strange yesterday.
I used to wear sport shoes only to gym or dedicated events. But today fashion dictates to wear sneakers and sport shoes everyday, even with dress to the party.
That is why I also decided to give it a try and Voilà!- I liked it! My passion for long distance walks is growing with every single walk. It is so comfortable and easy that I do not want to get back to high heels and courts.
When I saw this suit which matches my Adidas shoes color I was so happy! 
And yes, you can still look feminine in sneakers. 
 
What is your favorite combination with sport shoes?
 
Be love, be happy, be present. 

Tags: style   na ogorode u velika     IMG_6644 (1280x1280).jpg


11. Indian Himalayas
August 6, 2015

Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all. 
This was my motto of the trip to India.  And yes it was amazing adventure I will never forget. 
 
My travel started from Riga. Before flying I was nervous not to forget anything at home, then to be on time to the airport and finally plane took off! We had only 1 hour between planes in Istanbul. So my friends and I were very quick in order not to miss connecting flight. After 6 more hours warm and spicy wind hit my face. Indian air has something special about it. Delhi was busy and crowded as any big city. We took 2 taxes and head of to the countryside immediately.  
After 8 hours driving we were close to  our point of destination. I remember like now when I saw Himalayas- I felt in love with them from the first sight! They were so magnificent and even hypnotic that I couldn't resist and let them pull me in closer and higher. I have seen mountains in my life but nothing can be compared with Himalayas. When you are there you feel the power they have and beauty of Himalayas can't leave you motionless. 
 
We stayed 17 km away from Nainital near Pilot Baba Ashram. Many people came to Guru Purnima from all over the world. I enjoyed Indian spicy food and tea, the atmosphere, the dance and theater performance but what I am thankful the most are people I have met. Everyone was so different but with the same passion. It was so great to exchange views and experiences. Thank you everyone for being kind and helpful. I felt that my heart center is expanding there and I become more optimistic and loving person than i am at home. 
Himalayas will change you so that you will not even notice it. So give it a try!  And you will become better human being in all senses. 
 
Be love, be happy, be present. 

Tags: travel ti syogom  IMG_6651 (960x1280).jpg


12. (zvezda)Birthday style(zvezda)
July 22, 2015

The best day of a year has arrived and it is my birthday! Birthdays are a new start, a fresh beginning and a time to pursue new endeavors with new goals. Move forward with confidence and courage. I like this day so much because only once a year I truly feel special.
 
And birthday girl without a proper dress - is not serious. Every year I try to find outfit for this special occasion which sometimes takes even 6 months. Yes, I am completely obsessed with finding right clothes for my birthday. I need to like them and cherish like they are part of me.
 
For this year's Birthday party I bought this amazing set of top and skirt while visiting Australia in February 2015.
Couple of years I am following on Instagram Toni Maticevski who is a Melbourne-based fashion designer. His designed garments have beautiful feminine shapes in which I fell in love. I was dreaming that one day I will have something from Toni. 
Can you imagine the level of my happiness when walking around Myer in Adelaide my eyes catched very beautiful top designed by Toni Maticevski?! I took it in my hands and that was it- I found my perfect top for the birthday! Then consultant from Myer helped me to find a matching skirt. When I put on the top and this nice skirt you see on the picture designed by By Johnny - I felt like a princess. It was amazing feeling which I am happy to experience every time I put on these garments.
 
Thank you Toni Maticevski and By Johnny for making woman happy, special and beautiful!
Good luck in your new collections.
 
Be love, be happy, be present. 

Tags: style dve fotki 1    ja (2) (1279x1280).jpg    u dveri dvorce 2 rjadom    ja (1) (960x1280).jpg


13. Wednesday - Mercury day
July 15, 2015

Wednesday is my favorite day of the week. Why? Because it is represented by planet Mercury who is my lagnesh and rules over Mithuna (Gemini) - my astologic sign.
 
In Hindu mythology, Budha is the name for the planet Mercury, the son of Chandra (the Moon).
Mercury is the planet of intelligence and the IQ of a person depends on the strength of Budha in the horoscope. The planet of Mercury represents logic, calculation and mathematics in astrological parlance. Budha is in charge of trade commerce, sports, cinema. Your speech patterns, communication style, sense of humor, quickness of thought etc depends on the position of Mercury in the Horoscope. 
Qualities of good communication, intelligence, rationality, wit, shrewdness, judgment and flexibility are seen when Mercury is well placed. If Mercury is badly placed in the Horoscope Chart, then that person could get health problems like gastric problems, psychic diseases, insomnia, nervous breakdown, skin diseases, loss of memory or speech, deafness, asthma etc. In astrology, the planet of Mercury is also the natural signification of education, successful relationships, artistic talents and wealth, among other things.
 
Wednesday is the day of Budha and the emerald is his Gemstone. He rules number 5 in indian numerology.
 
Be love, be happy, be present.

Tags: astrology na ogorode u zel kont     IMG_6251 (960x1280).jpg


14. 3 summer salads
July 18, 2015

Summer time! It is time to eat fresh fruits and vegetables.
Today I would like to share my favorite salads of the season. All 3 are light and easy to prepare.
 
I like the first one because of it's color. Strawberries bring taste of sweetness to the salad.
 
Ingredients:
- bunch of baby spinach 
- salad leaves (you can use salad mix)
- soft goat cheese
- strawberries
- balsamic
- olive oil
Play around with proportions and find your best match!

posle etogo fotka   1 klubnika      P3030625 (1280x960).jpg

Second place goes to mozarella salad. I must confess- I could not live without cheese at all. 
Classical mozarella salad contains tomatoes but I decided to change this and give a try to a new
way of eating mozarella and it was really good. I hope you will enjoy it as well.
 
Ingredients:
- mini mozzarella balls
- cucumber without "skin"
- avocado
- salad leaves
- a bit of rucola
- olive oil

posle etogo fotka 2 zel ogurci    P3030673 (1280x960).jpg

And the last one is super healthy as it contains a lot of beetroot. Beets are high in many vitamins and minerals.
 
Ingredients:
- cooked beetroot
- salad mix
- soft goat cheese
- walnuts
- olive oil

posle etogo fotka 3 fiolet     P3010530 (1280x960).jpg

Be love, be happy, be present. 

Tags: food


15. Time to look back
July 7, 2015

Every year before my birthday I look back on the passed year.
Why I do it? Well, we all have different goals and desires.
I have a notepad where I do write down my wishes. 
 
There are 4 level of desires:
1) material
2) emotional
3) intellectual
4) spiritual
 
For man emotional and intellectual desires swap places.
 
What I usually do- I write down all of them and once or twice a year I check the list and cross fulfilled desires and/or add new ones. In this way I help my wishes to come true because when they are written down it is 50% of success.
In this way you I feel happy and satisfied. Some wishes can come true quickly enough but some may take many years. How do you help your wishes to come true?
 
Be love, be happy, be present. 
 
Tags: toga ti v tufljak sidi6j u okna na podokonnike s levo belij zont (ne smog najti etu fotku)


16. 
7 benefits of Ashwagandha
July 11, 2015

There are times when we feel drained and exhausted, especially after winter. 
I do have such moments as well and Ashwagandha makes miracles to my energy level!
 
Ashwagandha is well known as Indian ginseng and is an Ayurvedic herb commonly used in traditional Indian medicine.
Benefits are:
- supports physical activity
- helps to relieve stress
- relieves fatigue
- relieves insomnia
- rejuvenates
- strengthens the nerves
- supports sexual health.
 
Try it. And I hope it will help you.
 
Be love, be happy, be present. 

Tags: 
food supplements Ayurveda  4jornaja bana4ka s anabolikami    nazvanie Ashvaganda  fotku takzhe ne smog najti

17. Benefits of backbends
July 3, 2015

You can see camel pose (Ushtrasana) on the picture below. It is one of the most powerful backbends in yoga.
Camel Hinge helps you engage your core, thighs and back, increasing strength to each of these muscles. This asana is beneficial for the digestive and reproductive systems. It stretches the stomach and intestines, alleviating constipation. The backward bend loosens up the vertebrae and stimulates the spinal nerves, relieving backache, rounded back and drooping shoulders. The posture is improved. The front of the neck is fully stretched, toning the organs in this region and regulating the thyroid gland. It is helpful for people suffering from asthma.
 
How to perform?
1. Begin by kneeling on the ground (sit in vajrasana), knees hip width apart.
2. Stand on the knees with the arms at the sides.
3. Lean backward, slowly reaching for the right heel with the right hand and then the left heel with the left hand.
4. Push the hips forward, keeping the thighs vertical, and bend the head and spine backward as far as is comfortable.
5. Relax the whole body, especially the back muscles, into the stretch.
6. The weight of the body should be evenly supported by the legs and arms.
7. Return to the starting position by slowly releasing the hands from the heels one at a time.
 
It is important that this asana is followed by a forward bending asana to release any tension in the back.
 
Be love, be happy, be present. 

Tags: yoga   ti na more pasmurno oranzh bakbend     _MG_6579 (1018x679).jpg


18.  Today I choose joy!
June 25, 2015

Motto of this summer- today I choose joy! Remember it every morning when waking up and life will get better.
I love summer days when weather is nice, the wind is warm, evenings are long and sunsets are amazing. There is love basically in the air and romantic mood takes you to the world of dreams. Dream big! I always say to myself and my friends. Someone can say that I dream too much. Well yes, better to dream a lot than not at all. Whether or not my dreams come true I feel happy and fulfilled. I believe the most important is the journey not the destination. 
That is why it is very important to find joy in everything you do: in work, in sport, in cleaning, in washing, in dreaming, in walking, in breathing, in learning. The process is the goal.
 
Remember, you are amazing, unique and beautiful. There is nothing more you need to be, do or have in order to be happy. You are perfect just as you are. Give love and enjoy every moment of this precious life!
 
Be love, be happy, be present.

Tags: yoga  fotka otkritka v nej 5 poseredine ti 4ajka    blog.JPG


19. Tuesday - Mars day
June 30, 2015

Mars is associated with Tuesday. The English "Tuesday" is a modernised form of "Tyr's Day", Tyr being the Germanic analogue to Mars.
In Indian astrology, Mars is called Mangal and represents energy, confidence, self-assertion, aggression, sexuality, energy, strength, ambition and impulsiveness. Mars governs sports, competitions and physical activities in general.
This planet commands you (and yes, Mars does rule the military) to stand up, be noticed and get things done.
It's important to note that Mars's energy can be constructive or destructive. The God of War in ancient times, Mars could be brutally violent. While this energy still emanates from the planet, it also asks us to harness this force for good.
Mars rules our sexuality and sexual energy, and governs weapons, accidents and surgery (the last two illustrating the yin and yang nature of this planet). In the end, however, the energy of Mars can be quite useful if used properly.
Mars is the push that gets us out of bed in the morning, our drive and desire nature, and our active energy. When we are "acting out" our Mars, we are assertive, directed, forthright, and adventurous. On the negative side, we can be impulsive, rash, impatient, aggressive, and forceful.
By house, the position of Mars shows the areas of life where we apply our drive and express our enthusiasm.
The gemstone of Mars is Coral. Mars rules number 9 in indian numerology. 
 
Be love, be happy, be present. 

Tags: astrology ti v krasnom na izvilistoj skamejke     P3020606 (1280x896).jpg


20. 5 reasons why I take Triphala
June 18, 2015

I started to use Triphala 3 years ago when my digestive system started to behave in an unpleasant way.
Triphala is a traditional Ayurvedic herbal formulation consisting of three fruits native to the Indian subcontinent: Amalaki (Emblica officinalis), Bibhitaki (Terminalia belerica) and Haritaki (Terminalia chebula).
Amalaki - is an Ayurvedic treasure in itself and widely used. This little baby, the Indian gooseberry, has been one of Ayurveda’s prized rejuvenators since ancient times. It’s been shown to help lower cholesterol and is loaded with vitamin C. 
Haritaki - is known as the Tibetan "king of medicine." Many depictions of the healing Buddha show him extending a handful of this fruit indicating its longstanding medicinal usage in Asia. It’s believed to have a variety of positive health effects on the heart and brain. It can be used as a laxative by itself, but also has an anti-diarrheal treatment. It’s an anti-inflammatory.
Bibhitaki - is another powerful ancient rejuvenator with detoxifying qualities on the blood, muscles, and fatty tissue of the body. Bibhitaki is very useful with conditions involving excess mucous in the system and is also good for quality bone formation. This fruit is known as “the one who keeps away disease”.
As you can see, each component of Triphala is beneficial. 
 
For me most important are:
- supports healthy digestion and absorption;
- assists natural internal cleansing;
- nourishes and rejuvenates the tissues;
- rich in one of the powerful antioxidants, polyphenols, which reduces oxidative stress on the body;
- balancing doshas (Pitta, Vata, Kapha).
 
Basically, Triphala promotes digestive regularity. The importance of this cannot be understated, especially for those who suffer from irregular elimination and other forms of bowel disease.
 
Be love, be happy, be present. 

Tags: Ayurveda food supplements   karica na tarelke      trifala (1280x960).jpg


21. Monday- the Moon day
June 15, 2015

 
In Hindu mythology, Chandra is the god of the moon. In ancient Hindu legends, Chandra is described as a young, beautiful, fair, two-armed god who has a club and a lotus in his hands. He rides a chariot pulled by ten white horses or an antelope and moves around the sky at night.
 
In Hindu astrology, the moon is considered a planet, and it is considered to be one of the best planets to be born under as it promises wealth and happiness.
In Vedic astrology Chandra represents subconscious mind, emotions, intuition, sensitivity, softness, imagination, queen and mother. Chandra rules over the sign Karkaataka (Cancer).
Chandra has the following associations: the color white, the metal silver and the gemstones pearl and moonstone.
 
There is an episode explaining the waxing and waning of the moon during a month. It was reported that God Chandra was paying more attention to one of his 27 wives- Rohini. The other 26 wives who are also the daughters of the great Prajapati Daksha brought this fact to the attention of their father. Daksha became very angry and cursed Chandra, his son in law to suffer from consumption. As a result the size of Chandra began to decrease gradually. Alarmed at this the daughters requested their father to take back his curse. But since a curse which is delivered once, cannot be taken back, Daksha modified his curse to the effect that the size of Chandra will decrease from full moon to new moon for a fortnight and then his size will gradually grow until the full Moon day, during the next fortnight.
 
Be love, be happy, be present. 

Tags: astrology   u morja mhi bugri   P3040732 (1280x960).jpg


22. Poppy seed roll
June 10, 2015

Poppy seeds are bringing me back to childhood when it was one of the most delicious treats we could get. 
The roll was fairly easy to make and it is not very sweet. You can add more sugar to it if you want it more as dessert type of food. I ate it for breakfast, lunch or as a snack in between the meals.
 
You will need:
 
for dough
- oat flour 300 grams
- spelt flour 100 grams (wheat cultivated since 5000 BCE)
- 2 eggs
- kefir 80 grams (or greek yogurt)
- water 30 grams
- soda ½ teaspoon
- vanilla
- cinnamon
- coconut palm sugar 2 tablespoons
for filling
- poppy seeds 150 grams
- milk 150 grams
- prunes 50 grams
- maple syrup 2 tablespoons
- cocoa 1 tablespoon
 
Boil poppy seeds in the milk for about 15 minutes.
Then mix all ingredients for filling in one bowl and for dough in other. Make round circle from dough, put filling on top evenly with one layer. Roll it carefully but not tight as it may break during baking. Grease with yolk the roll so that it will get brownish color during baking.
Preheat oven for 180 degree celsius and bake for 35 minutes.
 
Enjoy!
 
Be love, be happy, be present. 

Tags: food   dve fotki 1 rulet v razreze 2 na protvine   fotki ne na6ol

23. Sun day
June 7, 2015

Sunday is dedicated to Lord Surya (Sun God). 
Red is the color of the day and red flowers are offered to Surya.
 
Surya is the lord of excellence and wisdom. Sun is also considered to be the kind of planets. Surya represents soul, will-power, fame, the eyes, general vitality, courage, kingship, father, highly placed persons and authority in vedic astrology.
It also has very important role in human health from medical perspective. To be precise, Surya controls our immune system.
On Sundays, most Hindus worship Lord Surya to improve their horoscope and soothe the disturbed and maleficent planets.
There are remedies for Surya or Sun related troubles and during the dasa or antardasa of sun.
 
Enjoy the sunny days!
 
Be love, be happy, be present. 

Tags: astrology   v krasnom na more    P3010541 (1280x960).jpg

24. Lifelong education
June 4, 2015

It is not that you read a book, pass an examination and finish with education.
The whole life, from the moment you are born to the moment you die, is a process of learning. Do you agree?
Sometimes it feels like being a spider- in order to build your net you need to know where to start and once you start it becomes never ending story. You need to expand your spider web or rebuild it when insects destroy it. Year by year it grows and you become wiser and gain certain experience.
There are so many things I want to learn that human life would be not enough. I try to learn something new every day not to feel that I waste my time. 
As you know there are 2 types of education. First we gain at school/university and second is self-education. I would like to focus more on self-education of course.
We all have hobbies and interests: here the self-transformation starts. I found mine in yoga. It changed me a lot and gave opportunity to see the world from other side. Also it helped me to look inside in order to understand myself better. With every day I become more confident and secured. The inner peace puts everything on the right place. Try to repeat: I am love, I am light, I am peace. 
The self journey is the most exciting thing you can ever imagine. How come people be bored sitting in a quite room, without TV, phone or book in their hand?! I guess they are afraid to listen and make changes in life. The fear stops us all. Our mind is not letting us to grow spiritually. We hear questions: what if I will make mistake? what if I will not succed? what if it is not what I want? Here comes self-education. People learn only from their own mistakes and challenges.
Never stop learning and developing yourself! 
 
Be love, be happy, be present. 

Tags:  yoga  pautina zeljonij fon    ne na6ol

25. Air yoga or world upside down
May 26, 2015
 
Aerial yoga or anti-gravity yoga recently became very popular. And I could not stop myself from trying it out.
It was such an amazing experience to let go and just hang there upside down!
I was laughing like baby as emotions started to go out. Free and happy - you do not feel this every day!
 
I would say it is more fitness than yoga which combines the traditional yoga poses, pilates and dance with the use of a hammock.
The best benefit: the spine is decompressed as the body hangs freely. It can also help to advance some yoga asanas like king pigeon pose and help to improve balance and handstand.
Although, I would recommend to do aerial yoga only with full awareness of your body. It has huge impact on our psychic body and you really need to be ready for it. 
It is nice time to time to "freshen up" your daily yoga practice with anti-gravity. For me once a month would be perfect match.
 
Be love, be happy, be present.

Tags: yoga  i dve fotki 1 i 2    air2.JPG       air.JPG

26. Homemade muesli - ideal for breakfast
May 29, 2015
 
It is my second week of obsession with this super crunchy homemade muesli.
Recipe is very easy and healthy - your kids will love it!
 
You will need:
- Oats (for slowly cooking) 240 grams
- 1 orange
- dates 50 grams
- cashew 80 grams
- cocoa powder 2 tablespoons
- honey  2 tablespoons
- salt (per taste ½ teaspoon)
 
Peel orange and cut into smaller pieces. Mix orange with oats, so that they become wet. Cut dates and chop nuts -> add all the rest ingredients to the oat mixture and put in oven (on baking paper) for 40 minutes, mixing every 10 minutes. Vuala!
 
I like to put muesli on top of plain yogurt and add some berries.
Enjoy your healthy breakfast!
 
Be love, be happy, be present. 

Tags: food   dve fotki s musjljami peervaja odna s amlinoj 2 ih dve piali     P5260952 (1280x960).jpg      m5 (1280x960).jpg


27. Best Face Moisturizers
May 18, 2015

Face is very important organ in our body. Face is essential to expressing emotions, consciously or unconsciously and it is first thing other people look at when they see us for the first time.
 
That is why it is essential to keep face moisturized and protected all day long.
When travelling I like to buy new creams abroad in order to try new things. Recently I have visited Greece and friend of mine (thanks Olga!) has recommended to me these gordeous Mastic cream. 
Mastic is a resin obtained from the mastic tree. In Greece, it is known as the "tears of Chios," being traditionally produced on that Greek island, and, like other natural resins, is produced in "tears" or droplets. Cream makes the skin glow by moisturizing and brightenin it while also protecting from the suns rays (spf 15) which is vital for coming summer season. Cream contains only natural ingridients: Mastic, Mastic oil, hemp oil, mushrooms, mallow, apricot kernel oil, jojoba oil, macadamia nut oil. Try it and you will love it!
Second cream is eye cream made from Aloe Vera which came to my beauty box from Spain. We all know that Aloe Vera has rejuvenating, healing and soothing properties. Stay young!
 
Be love, be happy, be present.

Tags: beauty skincaretips skin   tri krema     P5120943 (1280x960).jpg


28. Modern style - yoga friendly
May 21, 2015

Last week I have went to explore new for me QooQoo brand. 
Thanks to internet and modern technology you can find everything nowadays sitting in your room or office. But I guess I am person who like to touch things first.
 
Honestly, I was impressed! Nice colors and prints, interesting design.
I felt in love with QooQoo leggings! You can wear them even to yoga class.
You can wear blue dress which you see below with tag "WILD CHILD" to any event or coctail party just playing around with shoes.
The brand has fresh ideas. It is also price friendly.
I truly recommend you to explore their web page: http://beqooqoo.com/
And I hope you will find something for this season. It is almost summer, guys!!!
 
Be love, be happy, be present. 

Tags: style  5 fotok oderzhid     pervaja fotka zholtaja s mikmasom(ne smog najti)  vtoraja 6tani s sova4kami belie()  dalje6e ti s pohozhimi   P5160945 (1280x960).jpg  4etvertaja tjomnoe sinee platje()  pjataja 4jornie 6tani s belimi mikimausami na kolenjah()

29. What is meditation?
May 14, 2015

Meditation is an integral part of yoga and it is perhaps one of the practice’s more challenging aspects. If the practice of asanas focuses on the physical part of our being, meditation looks internally towards the mind, and so much goes in to the practice of trying to quiet your mind!
 
The first step towards meditation is to focus on the now. Focus your thoughts on the present. Leave thoughts of the past and of the future behind and just be aware of the present. In this way, you will begin to notice that your mind silences.
 
The mind is extremely important in the practice of yoga. That is why many yogis see meditation as instrumental to the advancement of their yoga practice.
 
However, more importantly in yoga is the separation of mind and body. We need to understand that while the body is important, it is separate from the mind, and that it does not hold greater importance than the mind. The body will grow old and eventually die. What this means, then, is that we must never be fixated on the body. We must understand and accept that the body ages, and that we should try to let go of any superficial attachment to our physical being.
 
Let's instead shift our focus internally towards the mind. Perhaps by shifting our focus from the body to the mind, we may then also let go of our attachment to material objects. 
 
Ready to let go? Start practising meditation for 20 minutes a day every day and you will see the result after few weeks. I like to meditate in the morning but nothing will compares with sunset meditation by the sea! 
 
Be love, be happy, be present. 

Tags: yoga meditation  u morja zakat ti v krasnom i belie zvjozdi na kofte    ne na6ol((


30. 5 reasons to escape home for a week
May 11, 2015

Today's society increasingly emphasize the need to be the best. To be ahead of the pack. To be extraordinary. While it is good to always aim to do better, we must also ask ourselves, are we pushing it too far? Have we become so concerned about improving ourselves that we have neglected the importance of appreciating ourselves exactly as we are?
 
Woman take on their shoulders so many things that sometimes we need to take a break in order to "breathe" and get centered. That is why woman must take weeks off to escape at least once a year. I started this tradition last year when I went for 6 days on yoga retreat. This year I took 3 weeks off for yoga teacher training in Greece and must say it feels amazing! Being with pack of people who have the same passion as you is really fantastic! 
 
The reasons to escape the reality are:
 
- There is a need to be at peace;
- Loosing connection to your inner self;
- Losing happiness in daily life;
- Take a break in order to recharge;
- Feeling out of sync with yourself.
 
What I like about yoga is that it is not about self-improvement, it is about self-acceptance. In the world today, where everything is constantly moving, and high pressure has been put on women shoulders, there is no doubt that we should also push forward in order to not be left behind. But there is also a need to be at peace with who we are as individuals. Take the time to embrace ourselves for who we already are. 
 
Be love, be happy, be present. 

Tags: yoga tolpa u ruin zamka     photo.jpg


31. Green food
May 5, 2015

You will 100% like this healthy recipe as it looks great and tastes even better! Especially now when summer in not yet here and people feel lack of vitamins.
It takes only 25 minutes to prepare and you have lunch or dinner for 3 people or starter for bigger company.
 
You will need:
- cottage cheese 250 g
- bunch of dill
- bunch of parsley
- 1 zucchini
- sour cream 150 g
- pita bread
- garlic (optional)
 
Blend cottage cheese, sour cream and greens together. 

potom idjot kartinka vzbitij avokado    ()

Cook zucchini for 15-20 minutes in oven so that they will be soft. Apply blended green sauce to the pita bead. When slices are cooled put them on top in chaotic manner.

potom kartinaka plastinok kaba4ka

Roll bread with filling and cut into pieces.
Enjoy!

ruletiki lava6iki 3 6tuki porezannie kartinka

Tags: food recipe  fotok net 

32. Are you still using usual butter?
April 30, 2015

First time I have tried ghee was more than 4 years ago. Buckwheat was so amazing with it! Since those times I use only Ghee for cooking, not usual butter. You will ask: "What is the difference?"
Ghee from sanskrit means melted butter. It is specially prepared butter which does not contain bad substances in it which also preserve it from spoiling too soon. Such as water, casein, lactose, lactic acid.
You can use ghee not only in cooking but also in medicine and cosmetics.
It helps from cold, tonsillitis, cough as well as burns, scars and fracture to heal faster; strongly recommended for thyroid gland and pancreas curing.
Time to time I like to apply it around my eyes- perfect mask before going to sleep. It makes skin very soft and nourished.
Try it! You deserve only the best products nature can give us. I am sure you will love Ghee.

Tags: Ayurveda   banka s mjodom s beloj kri6koj net fotki

33. Time to think - what is really important in your life?
April 27, 2015
I was in hospital last year in August and had pretty much time to think over my life.
It is funny how clearly you can see and think when you know that you may die. You know exactly what you want to do, where and with whom to be in your life. I am not afraid of death and never was but at that evel moment I understood how much I want to leave, that I have so many things yet to do and to try. Everything swapped in my head and now I know that health is the most important thing in our life. 
When you are sick you do not care how you look and what you wear, right? The only thing you care about is you and only you. You want to get better and ready to do whatever it takes and to give everything in return of good health. Then why people care about health only when they are sick? We are too busy in everyday life to take care of ourselves. Stop! While it is not too late.
Start listening to your body. Usually it says what it needs to feel better. Eat healthy food, be active, do sport, enjoy nature, breathe fresh air, drink more water, say no to spirits and wines, rest more, less stress, be positive, never harm a live being, love truly, dance and smile more often!
 
Be happy, Be love, Be present.

Tags: yoga healthyliftyle     foto buddi nad divanom  (net)   


34. 10 reasons why I love yoga
April 8, 2015

1. calms my mind.
2. gives me presence.
3. energizing not draining.
4. I can do it anywhere.
5. not competitive.
6. easily modified.
7. always teaches me.
8. brings awareness.
9. helps me love my body.
10. savasana 
 
P.S. and the most important I can be truly myself when doing yoga. I do not need to wear a "mask" and pretend to be the person I am not. 

Tags: yoga Australia     ti v konce t obraznogo pirs iz svetlog dereva (net)

35. Breakfast muffins
April 4, 2015
 
I like to treat my family with healthy and delicious food. What about you?
If yes, you will love this recipe! 
 
You will need:
- 4 bananas (which are about to go bad) 3 for mashing, 1 for slicing
- 1 cup of mashed strawberries
- 1 cup cooked quinoa (about ½ cup dry)
- 2 ½ cups oats
- ½ cup almond milk (you can make it in blender)
- ¼ cup honey
- 1 tsp vanilla extract
- 1 tsp cinnamon
- ½ cup of nuts (optional)
 
Cook the quinoa. Bring ¾ up water to a boil, pour in ½ cup dry quinoa, reduce to a simmer until fluffy—about 12 minutes.
Mix mashed banana, strawberries, almond milk, honey and vanilla in a bowl.
Mix dry ingredients (quinoa, oats, cinnamon) in a separate bowl. Slowly stir the wet into the dry until fully combined.
Fill each of the muffin cups to the top with the quinoa mixture. Add a banana slice or two to the top of each.

idut dve fotki  pervaja na nej slevo belaja tarelka v nej maka i krasnaja zagagulina a s prava musli v stekljannoj miske pod nimi fotka stekljnaaja miska v nej ovsjnja v 6okolade ili 4jomto

Preheat oven to 220 degrees.
Bake for 20 minutes.
Let cool for 5 minutes, then enjoy while warm!
 
Store in an airtight container in the fridge. Reheat leftovers before eating or eat them in a cold way.

fotka keksa na tarelke

Tags: food  fotok net


36. Skin essentials
April 2, 2015

When it comes to my skin I am very choosy. That is why I am using this argan oil in winter and mid season.
Probably you are aware that oils moisturize skin better that creams and more than that - they are natural!
Argan oil is produced in Morocco and is used not only in cosmetics but also in culinary. Basically the same you can say about every oil. Have you ever tried olive oil on your skin?
Oils increase flexibility of the skin, keeping it moisturized all day long. This helps your skin to look young and fresh. Watch out of the oil quantity you put on the face as sometimes overuse can lead to make up leaking from your face.
I am using argan oil for couple of years now. But be careful choosing your oil, as they have very specific smell.
First oil I have tried on myself was almond oil and then I swithed to peach oil because of it smell. Which one is your favourite? 
For summer time I choose light cream. About creams read in upcoming posts.

Tags: skin skincaretips beauty    bledno zholtij 6ampunj v ruke     P1010002.JPG


37. American love in 3 different ways
February 23, 2015

America was really sunny and overwhelming.. I would love to go there again.
 
I liked Chicago because of it huge lake, which in reality looks like sea. Chicago has it's charm of busy city and yet natural peace.  
Must do:
 - Take a bike for the ride.
 - If you will be lucky with the weather- spend one day on the beach. Go to the sea museums when it gets too hot (they are located nearby)
 - Enjoy the food.

idjot fotka tebja na velike u naberezhnoj a na zadnem plane visotki america   DSC_0331 (1280x857).jpg    pod nej e6o odna fotka americanskojk kapli     DSC_0280 (1280x857).jpg

We have spent 4 days in Las Vegas and must sightseeing there is Grand Canyon. You should book your trip 2-3 days in advance as demand is quite high especially on the weekends.
The views are really terrific. Watch out squirrels- they will steal your food and drinks (yes, drinks like Coca-cola). 

potom fotka tebja na gore   DSC_0263 (1280x857).jpg    a pod nej fotka gori i belo4ek s tenju         DSC_0240 (1280x857).jpg

Las Vegas is not big city but it has everything you need:
- fancy shops,
- michelin restaurants,
- casinos,
- clubs,
- pools,
- concerts and shows (we were lucky to see David Copperfield live show, he is still very charming and the show was fantastic).
Hotels in Vegas are amazing. I would highly recommend to stay in Bellagio.

potom fotka tebja kak na bezhevoj strojke    po centru oblo4ko   (fotki net)

If you will ask me: could I live in New York- the answer would be definitely YES! Although city is very busy and huge you are opened to many possibilities. Stay here at least 5 days, so that you will have opportunity to see almost everything.
Things to do:
- enjoy the Central Park (the park is hude, better rent a bike),
- visit Upper East Side (have lunch there),
- visit American Ballet Theatre,
- evening walk on Times square,
- have a walk on Wall Street,
- take ferry to Staten Island - it is free (to see the Statue of Liberty),
- enjoy the walk in Battery Park and book dinner in Battery Gardens- the food, the view and atmosphere is great there.
I would advise to book hotel not in Manhattan but in Newport so that every evening you will have amazing view on evening Manhattan.

fotka tebja na zadnem plane kolonni zdanija i bolj6oj amerikannskij flag     DSC_0144 (1280x857).jpg      pod nej fotka tebja na obozrevateljnoj plo6adke a na zadnem plane park     DSC_0103 (1280x857).jpg

To see more photoes please go to section Travels -> USA.
 
 
Be love, Be happy, Be present.

Tags: travel

38. Drink more water - LEMON our best friend!
March 25, 2015
 
You have probably noticed tons of articles in magazines and health journals about how drinking of water is important to our body. Yes, indeed it is. Average must drink dose per day is 2,5-3 litres.
I hear many comments from my friends and relatives: "I just do not like water." Well we are not kids here and when it comes to likes and dislikes it sounds ridiculous to me. You do not say: "I just do not like breathing!?" Do you?! The same is about water level in our body. It is vital element which keeps all our systems working. Even if you do not like water- force yourself.
Start your day with 1-2 lemon water glasses. It has taste and it is very healthy. Why? Lemon lawyers gastric acidity and increases digestion power; relieves pain in chest region, due to gastritis; improves complexion and skin texture; it is a good remedy for bad breath; it relieves thirst. And last but not least:
Drinking a glass of hot water, mixed along with 1 – 2 spoons of lemon juice extract, early in the morning, on empty stomach decreases fat deposition.

Tags: food  fotka vodi s lemonom kuv6in     water (1280x960).jpg
